docs: typo fix (#34329)
angular/angular: aio/content/start/deployment.md

#### Hosting the built project

> The files in the `dist/my-project-name` folder are static and can be hosted on any web server capable of serving files (Firebase, Google Cloud, App Engine, others) or any backend (`Node.js`, Java, .NET).

Reviewer: Hi @SoundAsleep192, your change is not quite correct (and neither is the original text). How about:

```suggestion
The files in the `dist/my-project-name` folder are static and can be hosted by a cloud hosting service (Firebase, Google Cloud, App Engine, others) or any custom web server capable of serving files over (`Node.js`, Java, .NET).
```

Could you please update your PR?
